Allow manual delete of stale Unifi device from UI (#32261)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifi.markdown

This will show if there are firmware updates available for the UniFi network devices connected to the controller. If the configured user has admin privileges, the firmware upgrades can also be installed directly from Home Assistant.

> ## Removing devices
> 
> By default Home Assistant does not remove old device configurations, even if they are not present in UniFi network anymore. This can lead to an accumulation of older network clients.
> 
> To manually remove a device, go to the Device Info page and select "Delete" from the Device Info menu.
> 
> Only devices which have not been seen since the startup or reload of the UniFi integration can be removed.
> 
> ![4d4ca937-17bb-4902-9949-2ea83e3c2c0c](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/assets/21991867/c926f5c7-18af-47b5-b888-30cc8511d76a)
> 
> 

Reviewer: As there are two concepts of devices at the same time I would like to clarify the differences. Formulations can be improved from my suggestion :)

```suggestion
## Removing a device in Home Assistant

Integration populates both UniFi devices as well as network clients into Home Assistant. In certain edge cases entities are left lingering even if they are not present in UniFi network anymore. This can lead to an accumulation of entries in the device registry.

To manually remove a device entry, go to the Device Info page and select "Delete" from the Device Info menu.

Only clients/devices which are no longer known by UniFi since the startup or reload of the UniFi integration can be removed.

![4d4ca937-17bb-4902-9949-2ea83e3c2c0c](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/assets/21991867/c926f5c7-18af-47b5-b888-30cc8511d76a)

```
